feat: add constraint stream profiling (#1901)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/constraints-and-score/performance.adoc

        JOIN Node 7 defined at location org.acme.schooltimetabling.solver.TimetableConstraintProvider#teacherTimeEfficiency:77 (36.03%, 1.01 seconds)
        JOIN Propagator 26 defined at location org.acme.schooltimetabling.solver.TimetableConstraintProvider#teacherTimeEfficiency:77 (22.97%, 0.07 seconds)
    SCORING (12.68%, 0.09 seconds)
      By Operation
        RETRACT (84.15%, 0.08 seconds)
        UPDATE (9.88%, 0.01 seconds)
        INSERT (5.97%, 0.01 seconds)
      By Node
        SCORING Node 4 defined at location org.acme.schooltimetabling.solver.TimetableConstraintProvider#teacherTimeEfficiency:84 (100.00%, 0.09 seconds)
...
----

IMPORTANT: xref:using-timefold-solver/running-the-solver.adoc#logging[Info logging must be configured and enabled] for the profiling report to be generated.

The following is reported:

* How much time spent in score calculation is spent by each constraint (relative percentage and total seconds) in descending order.
+
[source,text]
----
"Teacher time efficiency" (27.98%, 7.05 seconds)
----

* A breakdown for each constraint (in descending order of time spent):

> ** The time spent (relative percentage of time spent by constraint and total seconds), by each constraint stream building block (such as `join` or `filter`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Time spent by each constraint stream building block (e.g., join, filter), shown as % and total seconds.
```

The double "time spent" mention makes it harder to read.

+
[source,text]
----
"Teacher time efficiency"
    FILTER (47.80%, 3.06 seconds)
----

** Each constraint stream building block is further broken down to:

*** The time spent (relative percentage of time spent by building block and total seconds) of each propagation operation.
+
[source,text]
----
    FILTER (47.80%, 3.06 seconds)
      By Operation
        UPDATE (50.81%, 1.08 seconds)
        RETRACT (31.00%, 1.01 seconds)
        INSERT (18.19%, 0.07 seconds)
----
+
NOTE: This info is only relevant to the Timefold Solver team and can be safely ignored.

> *** The time spent (relative percentage of time spent by building block and total seconds) of each defined node and the location(s) the nodes were defined at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** Time spent by each constraint stream building block, shown as % and total seconds of each each defined node and the location(s) the nodes were defined at.
```
